10 100
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 7 is hungry
cannibal 2 is hungry
cannibal 56 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 70 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 18 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 104 is hungry
cannibal 48 is hungry
cannibal 92 is hungry
cannibal 62 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 46 is hungry
cannibal 81 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 98 is hungry
cannibal 18 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 24 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 20 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 35 is hungry
cannibal 12 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 20 is hungry
cannibal 110 is hungry
cannibal 73 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 79 is hungry
cannibal 96 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 64 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 71 is hungry
cannibal 15 is hungry
cannibal 62 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 93 is hungry
cannibal 37 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 44 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 109 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 3 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 3 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 60 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 108 is hungry
cannibal 15 is hungry
cannibal 100 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 56 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 100 is hungry
cannibal 73 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 100 is hungry
cannibal 35 is hungry
cannibal 88 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 25 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 64 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 108 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 66 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 33 is hungry
cannibal 48 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 12 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 62 is hungry
cannibal 89 is hungry
cannibal 74 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 58 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 104 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 73 is hungry
cannibal 24 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 37 is hungry
cannibal 6 is hungry
cannibal 96 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 2 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 60 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 96 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 3 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 84 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 15 is hungry
cannibal 88 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 85 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 37 is hungry
cannibal 75 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 46 is hungry
cannibal 109 is hungry
cannibal 85 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 98 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 84 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 70 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 108 is hungry
cannibal 11 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 74 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 90 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 89 is hungry
cannibal 93 is hungry
cannibal 75 is hungry
cannibal 89 is hungry
cannibal 62 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 96 is hungry
cannibal 6 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 35 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 58 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 7 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 3 is hungry
cannibal 66 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 89 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 85 is hungry
cannibal 90 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 102 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 6 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 56 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 79 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 89 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 79 is hungry
cannibal 2 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 75 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 50 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 20 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 35 is hungry
cannibal 96 is hungry
cannibal 98 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 96 is hungry
cannibal 71 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 64 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 25 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 85 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 18 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 88 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 25 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 57 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 47 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 37 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 109 is hungry
cannibal 90 is hungry
cannibal 11 is hungry
cannibal 98 is hungry
cannibal 75 is hungry
cannibal 66 is hungry
cannibal 26 is hungry
cannibal 25 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 46 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 17 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 56 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 3 is hungry
cannibal 98 is hungry
cannibal 11 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 47 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 7 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 44 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 58 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 79 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 64 is hungry
cannibal 93 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 12 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 90 is hungry
cannibal 109 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 47 is hungry
cannibal 46 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 108 is hungry
cannibal 24 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 2 is hungry
cannibal 47 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 75 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 20 is hungry
cannibal 58 is hungry
cannibal 60 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 62 is hungry
cannibal 100 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 73 is hungry
cannibal 89 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 6 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 92 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 104 is hungry
cannibal 100 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 96 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 64 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 66 is hungry
cannibal 44 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 58 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 75 is hungry
cannibal 57 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 15 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 56 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 92 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 66 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 109 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 85 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 102 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 37 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 84 is hungry
cannibal 60 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 81 is hungry
cannibal 73 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 11 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 37 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 47 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 7 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 46 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 109 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 56 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 98 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 25 is hungry
cannibal 47 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 54 is hungry
cannibal 11 is hungry
cannibal 102 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 17 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 104 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 57 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 18 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 60 is hungry
cannibal 15 is hungry
cannibal 110 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 2 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 100 is hungry
cannibal 57 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 46 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 3 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 108 is hungry
cannibal 24 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 12 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 98 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 35 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 35 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 20 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 58 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 11 is hungry
cannibal 18 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 50 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 100 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 56 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 26 is hungry
cannibal 7 is hungry
cannibal 93 is hungry
cannibal 58 is hungry
cannibal 15 is hungry
cannibal 33 is hungry
cannibal 33 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 12 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 7 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 60 is hungry
cannibal 6 is hungry
cannibal 10 is hungry
cannibal 100 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 71 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 93 is hungry
cannibal 108 is hungry
cannibal 79 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 104 is hungry
cannibal 24 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 89 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 37 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 79 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 62 is hungry
cannibal 102 is hungry
cannibal 88 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 93 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 44 is hungry
cannibal 46 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 66 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 104 is hungry
cannibal 20 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 3 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 44 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 20 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 77 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 84 is hungry
cannibal 92 is hungry
cannibal 50 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 48 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 47 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 7 is hungry
cannibal 43 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 96 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 108 is hungry
cannibal 6 is hungry
cannibal 64 is hungry
cannibal 92 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 75 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 17 is hungry
cannibal 35 is hungry
cannibal 35 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 73 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 73 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 47 is hungry
cannibal 18 is hungry
cannibal 64 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 102 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 67 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 86 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 11 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 62 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 18 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 9 is hungry
cannibal 70 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 26 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 30 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 90 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 44 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 32 is hungry
cannibal 95 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 85 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 5 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 70 is hungry
cannibal 110 is hungry
cannibal 33 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 46 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 79 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 88 is hungry
cannibal 78 is hungry
cannibal 25 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 4 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 36 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 53 is hungry
cannibal 44 is hungry
cannibal 13 is hungry
cannibal 26 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 20 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 102 is hungry
cannibal 93 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 8 is hungry
cannibal 41 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 27 is hungry
cannibal 101 is hungry
cannibal 50 is hungry
cannibal 31 is hungry
cannibal 90 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 37 is hungry
cannibal 94 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 88 is hungry
cannibal 42 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 50 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 44 is hungry
cannibal 38 is hungry
cannibal 62 is hungry
cannibal 79 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 12 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 58 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 76 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 93 is hungry
cannibal 74 is hungry
cannibal 80 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 22 is hungry
cannibal 64 is hungry
cannibal 60 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 17 is hungry
cannibal 3 is hungry
cannibal 88 is hungry
cannibal 61 is hungry
cannibal 52 is hungry
cannibal 66 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 90 is hungry
cannibal 16 is hungry
cannibal 97 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 69 is hungry
cannibal 50 is hungry
cannibal 85 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 84 is hungry
cannibal 110 is hungry
cannibal 68 is hungry
cannibal 85 is hungry
cannibal 19 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 50 is hungry
cannibal 59 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 81 is hungry
cannibal 34 is hungry
cannibal 109 is hungry
cannibal 23 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 15 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 24 is hungry
cannibal 25 is hungry
cannibal 71 is hungry
cannibal 14 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 39 is hungry
cannibal 40 is hungry
cannibal 91 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 21 is hungry
cannibal 24 is hungry
cannibal 107 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 12 is hungry
cannibal 55 is hungry
cannibal 70 is hungry
cannibal 92 is hungry
cannibal 49 is hungry
cannibal 65 is hungry
cannibal 103 is hungry
cannibal 15 is hungry
cannibal 26 is hungry
cannibal 99 is hungry
cannibal 63 is hungry
cannibal 29 is hungry
cannibal 89 is hungry
cannibal 82 is hungry
cannibal 33 is hungry
cannibal 83 is hungry
cannibal 109 is hungry
cannibal 51 is hungry
cannibal 1 is hungry
cannibal 25 is hungry
cannibal 6 is hungry
cannibal 45 is hungry
cannibal 90 is hungry
cannibal 72 is hungry
cannibal 106 is hungry
cannibal 87 is hungry
cannibal 71 is hungry
cannibal 28 is hungry
cannibal 105 is hungry